Files to be created:
 1. index.php
 2. login.php -
        ·create.php
        .password.php

 3. profile.php
 4. about.php
 5. contact.php
 6. main.js and components
 7. sass directory with -
        main.scss file with all the necessary modules imported in it 
 8. css folder

login.php 
1. Username and password fields to login
2. Forgot password option under login button
3. Create account option to create an account in case the user doesn't have one
    
     create.php - form with 3 fields, email address, password and another field to confirm the password
    
profile.php
1. Displays 3 profiles -
            · Kids
            · Adults
            · Custom
2. Redirects to index.php when one of the option is clicked

    

 index.php 
 1. Header with links to all the about and contact pages
 2. Movies section with movie thumnails
 3. content section with -
            · Movie name with movie year
            · Movie trailer
            · Movie Cast
            · Movie Crew
            · Movie Plot synopsis
 4. Filters adjacent to movie section that allows user to filter by given parameters          



 About.php 
 1. Main wide image on top of the body content
 2. About section with text content


Contact.php
1. Contact form to fill up
2. Contact form with name, email, phone and question fields and with a text content parallelly

Functionalities:
 login.php:
 1. Must let users to login into their account
 2. If the username or password is wrong, it should display an error message in UI
 3. If user clicks create an account, it should redirect to create.php
 4. If the user clicks Forgot password, it should redirect to password.php

 profile.php:
 1. Contains 3 profiles that alters the movie thumnail display results in index.php as per choice
 2. Custom profile should let users create their own profile to their liking

 index.php:
 1. Movie thumnails should be moving across in a slow way 
 2. When one of the movie thumbanil is clicked, the content part should be populated with the name, year, trailer,
    cast, crew and plot synopsis
 3. Filter button should change the results of movie thumbnails and display the new result after the filter is applied
 4. Movie trailer should have option to control volume, play, pause and to make it fullscreen    


Animations:
 simple animations
1. Hover - zoom
2. Hover - drop shadow